Lilliana Robinson: Okay, guys, we're recording that way. You guys don't have to scribble down notes. You can just listen to Troy, and you can.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And this is this is the 1 min pitch right.
Lilliana Robinson: Yep. Just 1 min.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Format is, you're each going to go 1 min pitch. I'm going to give you feedback on it. We're going to get through this in an hour right.
Lilliana Robinson: Yep. Well, I told them, we'll see how many we can do so why don't you guys throw your names in the chat? I'll just do. First come first serve, and we'll see how many we can get through
Lilliana Robinson: Troy. We have last Friday we worked on QA. With them, and then last Tuesday we worked on video storyboards. So I think everyone should start by saying, 10. Second, what is your company? Actually, you're going to say it in the pitch. Don't say that. Start by saying the objective of your pitch and video, which one is first and just give context because Troy hasn't seen either one.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yep.
Lilliana Robinson: Why don't you throw your names in the chat?
Lilliana Robinson: For who wants to go first that way? I can keep a log. Okay, Mirchin, we'll just start with you. Tell.
Mircea Gogoncea: If it's okay to have to also do it, even though I got some feedback last time.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, no, everyone should go. If we have time. Tell, try, like, what order you're doing. Pitch video. And what are your objectives for each of the 3. So yes, context.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yes. So I'm doing pitch first, video, second, QA. Last. And the objective of the pitch is to give a bit of context about what we do and who we are. So the 3 points are what we generally do team and a little bit about traction. And then the product video will show how the product works a little bit without giving away too much information. Hopefully. Should I go?
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Time you whenever you're ready.
Mircea Gogoncea: Okay, 3, 2, one. The average Us. Musician makes $20,000 per year in total income. And yet Taylor Swift
Mircea Gogoncea: earned over 1 billion dollars on her latest store. Why is there such a big discrepancy? We're gonna help solve that. Musicians are musicians, not because they are good business people. They're musicians because they love to make music. That's why they hire managers. The problem is, their managers don't always know what to do. Let me introduce you to cicada cicada partners with managers to help them do their job better and make more money for musicians. We do this by focusing on the actual concert experience. That's by far the most profitable part of the live music business. And yet
Mircea Gogoncea: musicians are still leaving money on the table there cicada combines monetization with audience. Engagement and data give gathering tools to create new revenue streams at every gig. It's already being used by musicians in 12 countries, which makes perfect sense, because my co-founder and I build that for ourselves. We are both professional musicians and technical people. Mark is a full stack engineer and a professional jazz basis that I'm the world's most highly awarded classical guitarist. I've performed over 450 concerts on 5 continents. I use cicada at every gig I play, and let's not take a look at how it works.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, that was 103 before Troy jumps in. Just really quick, Mitchell, you and I. We have the same problem. We speak way too quickly. We're gonna need to cut some so that you can slow down because it was very comprehensive because of how much you were rushing through the team part I love that you wanna mention Mark, the team part should wait till QA.
Lilliana Robinson: So basically, you say this great business. And you're like, also my team is awesome. Here's like Mark is somewhere in the crowd. He's great. He's a musician to just save that there are a couple of more things we could save to QA. I'll wait for Troy to say but we just want to cut a lot, probably like 10 or 15 s, so that we can slow down a lot.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah. So my one comment, slowdown. But not only slow down. This is really important for everybody.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Don't just slow down.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Use your voice to punctuate what's important. And there are other times where you can talk really fast on stuff that isn't as important.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: right? And so what makes for an interesting pitch is when your voice changes both in its pacing.
Jennifer Loh: Do.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And in its volume, right? And it just makes it way more interesting. The example I give people is
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: okay. You needed. You muted her. The example, Jayla, we were getting your your humming in the background. We muted you but the example I give people is, you know all caps in an email is really great if you want to emphasize a word. But if you send the whole email and all caps, it's annoying.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Your pitch was in all caps. The whole thing was just all caps right. So think about using that variation. The other thing that struck me so obviously, we worked on this before. I'm biased because I like the opening.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't feel like you gave me enough
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: of the how
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and maybe you're going to see that in the
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: video. So maybe the goal of the video is the how. But I feel like, you're like, yeah, and we're gonna make them more money in concerts. And we're gonna give them audience interaction. And we're gonna do.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But I didn't understand the how.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And maybe it's it's good, because maybe you, you can tease that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And then when you talk about the video. So now you can say, and I think you did say something like, now let's see how it works.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But I thought that was generally pretty good. You've got to cut out some.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and here's how you think about that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: If your house is on fire.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and you have time to run in and grab some stuff. You probably know what you're going to grab the things that are not replaceable the paper photographs of your grandmother. You know the whatever the things that ha! That are not replaceable.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Guess what
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: what dude your pitch is on fire. You only get to grab 60 s worth of stuff, and you have about 120 s worth of stuff in there, because you talk so fast.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So what are you gonna grab? What are you gonna keep so think about it like my pitch is on fire. I can't grab everything. What's most important. I think that's a good a good framework to use for this. So but I think you're off to a great start.
Mircea Gogoncea: Thank you so much. Thank you so much.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Awesome.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, it was really strong nature. We just need to cut some, move it to a different spot. Kelvin is next.
Kelvin Alaneme: Yeah, good day, everyone. So, I'm going. We're going to do the pitch first, followed by the demo video. And the pitch is essentially to outline the problem statement. And then, what we do in a nutshell. The demo video is going to capture how we do what we do, and the traction, or rather potential other aspects of the business.
Kelvin Alaneme: and more guided in the Q. And a.
Kelvin Alaneme: So I'm starting now.
Kelvin Alaneme: So in I grew up in Nigeria, where 94% of the population pay out of pocket for healthcare. So in 2,019, when I was asked the focus
Kelvin Alaneme: of my master's research. My answer was simple. How to make healthcare more affordable? This single question has echoed in my mind throughout the 13 years of medical practice, and got louder in the past 4 years. As I treated mentally ill in the Uk's Nhs, there is an acute shortage of therapists compared to the overwhelming demand. And this problem is 20 times worse. In the United States, one in 5 adults in the Us. Suffer from mental health issues.
Kelvin Alaneme: and majority of these cannot afford therapy. I'm Kelvin Allen, Co. Founder and CEO of mind. Help a company that improves access to mental health care by providing online group therapy
Kelvin Alaneme: as a service. True mind helper is single license therapist working 30 h in a week can see 300 patients instead of just 30. The group model has shown to be very effective, as we see with alcoholic anonymous. And our mission is to take it online where most people are these days and make it affordable, so that those suffering can get the help they desperately need.
Kelvin Alaneme: We're going to show you how it works.
Kelvin Alaneme: How are we? And.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: lilliana.
Lilliana Robinson: That was 108.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah. So again.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: it felt
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: long. And what does what does the peanut gallery have to say?
Kelvin Alaneme: What does the.
Lilliana Robinson: That is.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Everybody else. I wanna hear your peers. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Way too fast.
valeria brenner: Gonna say.
Art- ClubReq: I feel like there.
valeria brenner: Oh!
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Go ahead, Valeria!
valeria brenner: Oh, yeah, I was. Gonna say, I feel like there wasn't many like intonation changes in your voice like everything went at like a very. I like the same pace and at the same like intonation. I think it'd be useful to put breaks in there to inflect your voice when something's more important than the other. Like. Treat it more like a conversation rather than a pitch like if you're explaining it to a friend rather than just like
valeria brenner: I don't know reading about.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: 100%. Valeria. Yup.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: it! It felt like you were in a race, Kelvin.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You were like racing to get this thing done and
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And then the other thing is that you are at a slight disadvantage. I hope you don't take this the wrong way, but you do have an accent.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Accents are hard for people who aren't familiar with your accent.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And so I found I was working really hard to try to process each word, and when those words were coming fast that inhibited my ability to kind of step back and just absorb it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And so, even more so is it important if you have an accent
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: to enunciate
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: to speak clearly and slowly. lilliana, do you remember the did you watch the
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: pitch from Pictorin with his French accent.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, a long time ago. Yeah, I remember that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay, I'm gonna pit. I'm gonna put in the chat. It's gonna take me 1 s to get there. I'm gonna put a link to a Demo day pitch. This is not your format. This is an 8 min pitch. But it was this guy from France who had this really thick French accent. We worked hard with him on doing a couple of things. There were some
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: English letter combinations that were difficult to pronounce, and so we found synonyms for him.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and then we played up the accent in certain places. I thought it was hysterical. I love it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It, anyway, it's worth watching. If you have any interest, or if you're thinking about, how can I do a great pitch when I have such a thick accent? And
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: give me 1 s, and I will put it up there.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Here it is copy dropbox, link, boom! And it's in the chat
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: now. And by the way they built a great business, and they're doing amazing. Alright.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: yeah. So, Kelvin, I
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know you hit the right things. You're gonna have to again. Your pitch is on fire. You're gonna have to take 25 of the stuff out to have enough room to have cadence and pacing and do it. Well, I think now it's about the delivery. But
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: yeah, I think it's now about the delivery and getting confidence around that.
Kelvin Alaneme: Yeah, thank you very much. Thank you. Everyone.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: By the way, those 2, if you guys are all this good, that's amazing. Cause this is like way better than, for instance, the last cohort when I did this with them where we were like, oh, my God! That makes no sense. We have to totally rewrite. You need a big opening you need a. So I feel like you've put in some more work. So that's awesome. Who's next? Philippe?
Felipe - Gohaus: Yeah, Hi, everyone. Hi, Troy.
Felipe - Gohaus: Yeah. My objective is like having this big opening more emotional. I want to capture more investors and people like.
Felipe - Gohaus: So
Felipe - Gohaus: And I'm gonna go first with the pitch and then with the demo.
Felipe - Gohaus: So.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And what's the goal of the demo.
Felipe - Gohaus: To show what we have today and where we are going.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay, and the goal of the
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: pitch is to get their emotions.
Felipe - Gohaus: Get the motion first.
Felipe - Gohaus: then, to say what we did with Walmart? That is kind of a large brand, large client.
Felipe - Gohaus: and then invite them for the demo, a for the demo, to show them where we are and where we are going.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay.
Felipe - Gohaus: Right. So our homes are the spaces where we share moments with family friends, children. They are full of memories
Felipe - Gohaus: or spaces. Evolve over time when you get married with the arrival of a new child.
Felipe - Gohaus: or when your son goes to college.
Felipe - Gohaus: we all seek a feeling of belonging with our spaces. We all want to feel at home.
Felipe - Gohaus: and in the world of design and beauty we all aspire to live in a beautifully designed places.
Felipe - Gohaus: yet true design is neither affordable nor accessible for everyone.
Felipe - Gohaus: After p. 14 or a startup year ago, Connie, my co-founder, and I knew we could enhance people's life by improving their living spaces. So we created a Saas platform that is, delivering AI to transfer interior design, providing consumers and business with tools for personalized decoration and efficient portion. See directly from retailers.
Felipe - Gohaus: With Walmart we capture over 12,000 users in just 4 months, and we are continually learning from their experience to enhance our platform.
Felipe - Gohaus: We are also deepening or understanding of the multi-family real estate business. Specifically, in decorating apartments for rent, where we are actively streaming the process, and Felipe CEO of go, host, let me show you what we are doing, and where are we headed.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay, so I don't have the benefit of having worked with you. But what who is your customer? Is it the retailer or the consumer?
Felipe - Gohaus: Today the retailer. They pay us the fee for commission. We integrate the platform in their commerce.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I feel like there might be a different way to pitch this. Let me try this on for size.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: what do you call consumer products that are for the home interior design? What's the category called.
Felipe - Gohaus: Co. Furnishings.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Home furnishings.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: What I'm gonna try this on for size. Home furnishings is an incredibly competitive market with margins being driven down down down and those margins being sucked up by advertising. We've all seen the wayfair ads. We've all seen the Xyz ads.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We are a platform that allows consumers to interact with the retailers and design custom spaces for them
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: frictionlessly, flawlessly fast whatever blah blah blah and
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: is a new way for those retailers to reach their consumers.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Our Sas product is sold to the large retailers embedded on their site, allowing their consumers to buy their products and design their spaces and make it just the way they want.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We already have Walmart as a customer, and they've already gotten 12,000 consumers to use our platform and by products from Walmart.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We are. Go, house. I am, Felipe. We are changing the way
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: consumers by
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: home furnishings.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't know. It was a little rough, but what do you think.
Felipe - Gohaus: Yeah. No. Yeah. For sure.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You say, for sure, but it was very different from what you pitched.
Felipe - Gohaus: Very different. Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And I. And the reason I did that is, I believe that your customer is the retailer, the one who's going to pay you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and then you just have to make that bridge, and you could probably make the bridge better than I did, for why the consumer is gonna come to that site because of your software. But
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: when, when.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: when you did your pitch, it was totally unclear to me who your customer was.
Felipe - Gohaus: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Right, yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Saying, You're selling to retailers! And then in the next breath saying, Oh! And we already have Walmart like holy shit.
Felipe - Gohaus: Alright!
Lilliana Robinson: Question, though, like, isn't some of the storytelling part important for investors, even if, like, it depends on fully based goal. Right? Like, if he's trying to be to be customers, and this makes sense, but
Lilliana Robinson: more enticing to have, like investor conversations. The story was not helpful.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Well, so what you might do then is so you might tweak what the objective of the video is. So imagine you do that. And then, when you introduce the video, you say, and the best part is, consumers love our product and making spaces their own, let me show you why.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And then the objective of the video is to show how much the consumers like it and how much it changed their lives.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It changed their space.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and you can maybe wrap some of that storytelling into the video.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So it's up to you. You could do it. However, you want.
Felipe - Gohaus: But.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: As an investor I would be more intrigued by the business model of you're helping retailers who are already spending a bazillion dollars trying to get to those consumers. You're giving them another channel and a way to do it more efficiently, and you already have Walmart as a customer.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Holy shit! Show it to me. And then if in the video you have cust consumers building stuff and you show, have them saying, this changed my life. This made my apartment. Better this whatever. That's where you convinced the story is that where you were getting at lilliana.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I think that accessibility piece is huge, like, I don't wanna lose that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, and that this is accessible to anyone.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And the fact that you're on walmart.com kind of makes it accessible to anyone right like
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: by definition. That's sort of the.
Felipe - Gohaus: Alright, perfect.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Try it.
Felipe - Gohaus: And different ways.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: What you should do. Bullet, point it out, try it on for size. See how it feels.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You might like it better. You might like your story better.
Felipe - Gohaus: Perfect right. Thank you for that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: All right.
Lilliana Robinson: Thin.
Dan Ponomarenko: Hey? Can you hear me?
Dan Ponomarenko: Yep.
Dan Ponomarenko: alright. Yeah. So my, the beach goes first. After that video with explaining what's product is so my main goal for this demo day is to get connection. And you know, get investors on board and we're gonna race in September.
Dan Ponomarenko: But overall, I just wanted to make connection with potential investors and get them interested in our product.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So I understand that as a high level. But what is the narrow, more narrow objective of the pitch? The pitch is successful, if
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: is it
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: so? Do you have a particular point? You're trying to get across.
Dan Ponomarenko: Yes. So I wanna highlight the problem and solution.
Dan Ponomarenko: Right? So the problem is miscommunication.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You'll tell me in the pitch. Yeah, yeah.
Dan Ponomarenko: Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Come into it. It it raw, just like the audience will.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay, let's see it.
Dan Ponomarenko: That sounds good. Alright pressure over 3 million web developers and digital managers work under the pressure of missed deadlines while working on website projects. Most of delays are caused by miscommunication and fragmented feedback through the multiple channels like email screenshots and chats.
Dan Ponomarenko: Digital specialist and web developers spent up to 40% of their time on back and forth communication while working on that project. It cost industry 64 billion dollars a year.
Dan Ponomarenko: But visual streamlined the development process by allowing users to collaborate on live website and pages communicate directly on web elements and digital assets.
Dan Ponomarenko: track progress in real time and share visual feedback in the matter of seconds.
Dan Ponomarenko: It gives everybody who is involved in development process, clarity on, on what has to be done, and gets all team on the same page.
Dan Ponomarenko: literally on the same page.
Dan Ponomarenko: I'm then CEO at the visa, and I will show you how it works.
Lilliana Robinson: 58 s.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Awesome.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And and I think last time we talked I said, Oh, is this like canva for web development? Right.
Dan Ponomarenko: Well, it's a yeah. It's a live website copy that you can comment assign task on particular on web elements. So everybody see what you mean by this red button.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yep. And so then the question is, I'm just trying to hit the but I'm talk thinking out loud. So you hit the size of the market and the size of the problem. You talked about whatever 67 billion dollars. I think it will be obvious when people see the demo
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and I would just have a transitionary stage that says something about
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know. Now let's see how
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: it'd be nice if you had a claim. So let's say, your claim is, we take 50 of the communication time.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: 50% of the time out of communication.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I'm making that up. But imagine, then, in your transition, saying, Now, let's see how we're we take 50 of the time out of communication for web developers.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And then you transition to the video that's going to show the how
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: right. But you were very clear about the problem, and you were pretty clear about the solution.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and or the other, the other thing that you could do in that would be to talk about size of market. And so you could say something like, you know, let's see how we're gonna change.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You know the the 10, how we're going to change the workflow for the 10 million web developers in the Us. Or whatever I made that up. But you know, I want you to have something like impactful on your transition.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Either the amount of time, the amount of dollars.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: or the number of developers. You think the the total market sizes
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: that would be great.
Dan Ponomarenko: Okay? Bye.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It's thoughtful. It's good. You guys, you guys are doing well.
Dan Ponomarenko: Thank you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Who's next?
Snow Lee / Runbear: Hi!
Snow Lee / Runbear: Can you hear me?
Snow Lee / Runbear: Yep.
Snow Lee / Runbear: great.
Snow Lee / Runbear: yeah. Last time you, you told me about that. We sound too much like consultant, and we should publish it for the customers to understand that easier. So our pitch goal is attracting investors, and I'd like to have kick, start meetings with them.
Snow Lee / Runbear: and that we're so that's
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So I'm gonna I wanna put a pause for a second. Every one of you that's raising money wants to meet investors and kick start meetings with them. So let's be more specific about what are you gonna do in the pitch? That's gonna get you to get investors, interests and kick start meetings. So what's the specific goal of the pitch itself?
Snow Lee / Runbear: I see, I see.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Like I'm peeling back the onion. Another level.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Got it. Got it. I'd like to deliver the concept, and then I'd like to
Snow Lee / Runbear: posts. I'd like to share our traction progress so that make them feel excited?
Snow Lee / Runbear: Does it make so.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay, so I'll start with them. So I'd like to get investors excited about our traction and progress.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: that's that is a more appropriate objective. Right? I'm trying to get them excited about our traction and progress. I can right.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Alright!
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Let's go. Let's hear it.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Yeah.
Snow Lee / Runbear: So run, bear is the word most straightforward way to utilize custom Gpts on communication platforms like slack Microsoft teams or hubspot
Snow Lee / Runbear: for companies that want to improve their work. Using AI ROM bear is no code solution that integrates custom GPS into their work tools
Snow Lee / Runbear: in less than 10 min instead of weeks or month, you can create a policy assistant compliance assistant, or whatever you want without coding or engineering support.
Snow Lee / Runbear: 5 months after launch we attracted 50 paying customers, including Bcg.
Snow Lee / Runbear: They save tons of resources by supporting 600 clients using Rumba on their select channel.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Let's see how you can benefit from Rumbaire.
Lilliana Robinson: 45 s.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, you had a little more time.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't feel like you set up the problem well enough. You made it feel
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: like a vitamin.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Everybody wants to have chat gpt in their
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: slack channel.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: The
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: it would be great if you could make this feel like a pain killer.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And I'm trying to think about how to do that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: what if we started? I'm making stuff up. This could be totally wrong. Snow. I want to be clear. I'm just making this up on the fly.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: What if you started by saying we all know how fast the world is adapting generative AI.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Any company that does not have it deeply integrated into its business processes is falling behind today.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yet that process is very difficult.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Until now
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Runbare is the tool that makes it the easiest to integrate generative AI into things like
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: group chat, chat, slack, blah, blah blah! In order to make your employees more efficient at creating.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: searching. It's a I don't know quite exactly how, but you know, creating efficient. Make them more efficient and keep up.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know. So companies that don't have run bear either don't have the benefit of generative AI in their in their work processes, or are spending months and months and months trying to get there.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We already have 50 paying customers, including Bcg, we've saved the 600
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Bcg partner companies millions of dollars
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: in time and expertise. Blah, blah! Blah! We are run by. Let's take a look at how it works.
Snow Lee / Runbear: That's perfect.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright, it's not perfect. It needs a lot of refinement, but I like the idea
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: of trying to make it be
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: a pain killer if you don't have this, you're gonna die
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: like the world is changing rapidly, and you gotta keep up. And we just made it really easy for you to keep up.
Snow Lee / Runbear: That's exactly what our client says. So, yeah, that's that's really nice. Thank you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay. Great.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. Art.
Lilliana Robinson: where are you on the screen.
Art- ClubReq: Here.
Art- ClubReq: okay, let me tell you a story. I was leading the recruiting team.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Holland. Hold on!
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, wait! What is your objective.
Art- ClubReq: Oh, oh, alright, my bad, I'm sorry. So yeah. So the 60 s pitch will be more of a storytelling of the problem.
Art- ClubReq: Of a real problem. And then a demo video will be the benefits with a client testimonial
Art- ClubReq: looks at. But.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: What's the objective? So your storytelling for some objective? What's the response you want.
Art- ClubReq: Storytelling is well, the response on one is like to gain the interest of like this is, we're trying to showcase a real problem, like like the storytelling, is like sharing a real problem, and how the our, our.
Art- ClubReq: our product is the solution.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay, so the objective here is to get investors interest.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: that this is a problem solution worth worth pursuing.
Art- ClubReq: Correct.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Awesome. Got it? Alright. Go ahead.
Art- ClubReq: And then the Demo videos showcase the product and the benefits in the client testimonial
Art- ClubReq: of utilizing employment.
Art- ClubReq: The Eir QA. Would be to share share data to back the problem solution in the market that we can serve.
Art- ClubReq: Kai.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Go for it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Paulina's on the timer.
Art- ClubReq: Sorry. Alright so let me tell you a story. I was leading a recruiting team of a prominent tech company, and I had 2 customer service recruiters that were weren't hitting their hiring goals. Why? Because they had an influx of applicants. Recruiters are juggling multiple roles, and they lack time of resources. Hail! We were pulling supervisors off the floor to help with pre screens, so I partnered with the outside agency to use that screeners
Art- ClubReq: and my recruiters, review resumes and put them in a queue for the agency to screen. This enabled us to hire faster, and the supervisors to be able to focus back on the operations.
Art- ClubReq: I'm art, and that strategy is what created club wreck. We use AI to review resumes and produce a job matching score. High scoring applicants are instantly invited to screen with an industry expert interviewer. This enables companies to screen faster and higher quality candidates.
Art- ClubReq: Also, we also bring a provide, a better candidate experience for job applicants.
Art- ClubReq: Let me show you how the benefits will
Art- ClubReq: let me show you how. Let me show you the benefits and how a client is using us today.
Lilliana Robinson: That was 59 s.
Art- ClubReq: Dammit, I was stumbling my bad.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: No, no, that's good on time. So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: let me try something, cause it's interesting. We just had in my Kellogg last week. Mike Evans, the founder of Grub Hub, come in and talk about recruiting, because he hired like 5 literally 5,000 people
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: when he was running grub. Hub
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And he talks about casting a really wide net
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and then having a series of things in an automated fashion that will. People will filter out of.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: all right. What if we talked about?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: alright recruiting and finding new employees is incredibly expensive.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It's expensive to do, and it's expensive when you fail.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It's not hard to get applicants. Our average job
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: gets over 500 applicants. The expensive part is figuring out which ones you should actually interview
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: in the past. We did that with humans who are imperfect at screening resumes and looking at matches to skills, etc, and filtering it down.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Let me introduce you to club wreck.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: club wreck is an AI Poweredange agent that not only knows how to match
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: resumes with skills for and filter out, but candidates for potential positions. But it gets better with each one because it gets feedback
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: getting feedback from its from the process and improving along the way
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: we're club wreck. We're gonna help people match. We're gonna have.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't have the closing here. We're club wreck. We're going to help. We're going to help companies filter out the wheat from the chaff, getting the best people in the best positions at the least cost. Let me show you how it works.
Lilliana Robinson: Try that was really good. The thing I feel like is missing there, that I had art, which I think could have been stronger in the way art did it is that the interviewees also have a better experience. So it's like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Totally it.
Lilliana Robinson: I think that's important. I think the way you say it. Art was like kind of it was May, you just said like also. They like it, too, you should say, like, and interviewees love it like something like that, like, not only does it help the company, it helps them have a better experience, so that even more people want to apply to your company.
Art- ClubReq: Right. Yeah. My closing was, I was supposed to say, and I thought I was like it provides a better candidate experience providing applicants with instant gratification, so like something of that nature.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think that's I think that's a very important point that I missed. So sorry about that. But I like
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I would set it up as a problem like that. That. So am I correct that most of the app look, most of the jobs that are open for you get literally hundreds of applications.
Art- ClubReq: Yes, that's correct.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And that probably is because that all of these job sites now have a one button like apply. Now apply. Now apply. Now apply. Now.
Art- ClubReq: It's called a quick reply, a quick reply. Right? And so, yeah.
Art- ClubReq: candidates, and then you get you have to weed out the trash candidates.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah. And so you could set that up if you needed to at the beginning for those you haven't done it for those you haven't applied to a job. Recently, the world has changed with dozens of of job listing sites and the quick apply button. The average application. The average job today gets over 500 applications. The problem isn't getting candidates. The problem is filtering them.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We used to filter with humans. Blah, blah, blah blah blah, our AI engine.
Art- ClubReq: So. So you think, are you suggesting, like, maybe like, omit the story telling
Art- ClubReq: and go into exactly the the problem.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Well, so when you say the storytelling.
Art- ClubReq: Right? Because, like, you know, I know that we mentioned something about like stories are really good. Right? We want to utilize stories stories.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So. So give what was your opening line again?
Art- ClubReq: My story was about when I was leading the recruiting team for a tech, a prominent tech company
Art- ClubReq: like telling a real story about.
Art- ClubReq: I was leading the recruiting team of a prominent tech company where I had 2 customer service.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, then you had to pull people off the line.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: so
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: for me. So I do agree. Stories are great
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: for me
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: in this particular case. I think the logic of why or there's so many job applicants
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: is actually more important than an anecdotal story of you had so many job applicants.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You can go either way.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I don't think there's a right or wrong here, but I would.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I tend to be very logical. I'm an engineer. I tend to think that way. So I want to ask the why. So I want to give them. I want to start with why there's such a problem.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and there's a pro. And most people will be surprised that there are that the app maybe you open up with the average job application today has over 500 applications. And I made that number up. You've got to get a real number, but it will be shocking to most people.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: because, you know, people who are out recruiting 20 years ago, which is who, where your investors are. We're like, Oh, we put up an ad in the newspaper, and we get 4 applications
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: right? The world has changed very dramatically
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: because of job sites and because of quick applies and
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know. And I think my perception is that 90% of those are garbage. They're just people who hit apply, apply, apply, apply. Don't even match qualifications.
Art- ClubReq: That is a close percentage. You're right. It's around like 91%, 91 92% of a job. Applicants are not a right fit for the role.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Right. So if you can get if you can get data. So you know you'd say, and from. And you got a quote, whatever the, you know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Sherm or society of human resource management whatever. I'm sure 91 of those applicants aren't even qualified.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But we use Steph
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: to go through all of them. Anyway, it was like digging for diamonds.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Now
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: we clear the Mud
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: club rack. Takes care of matching blah blah blah blah blah blah blah.
Art- ClubReq: Gotcha
Art- ClubReq: like
Art- ClubReq: nothing, I'll say.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I wanna I wanna keep rolling
Lilliana Robinson: Or just look in the chat. I was saying that that story. If you nix it, it can go in the QA. Where you say, like, why are you guys the right people? Well, I had first hand experience. Also. Blah, blah blah like, talk about your co-founders. It would know as well.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. Okay. Jaylen.
Lilliana Robinson: also.
Jennifer Loh: So.
Lilliana Robinson: It's wild how you can think of the stats and be like one off.
Lilliana Robinson: This is the following list.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I was like.
Jennifer Loh: I don't know. You got my last stats pretty pretty close in our last pitch. We've redone our pitch we're gonna be focusing more on our customers and our goal is actually to get more customers and traction investors will be secondary for us.
Jennifer Loh: So the pitch will be, it'll be pitch video. And then QA. Our pitch will be setting up the problem and really honing in on our Jtbd insights. And our customer experience as well as our solution.
Jennifer Loh: And then the video will showcase our product and really make them feel the difference. And then in the QA. We want to use that time to really well, first, we'll have like a slide with our QA. Or QR code to our website. But that'll be where we really talk about the market sizing and our team. Why, they're we are the right team to to solve this problem.
Jennifer Loh: and that way. If there are investors that are interested, that'll be kind of the time to to dig in a little more.
Jennifer Loh: Okay.
Jennifer Loh: okay, cool.
Jennifer Loh: So.
Jennifer Loh: lilliana, do. I just tell you I'm gonna start, and then you time me.
Lilliana Robinson: Yep, I got you.
Jennifer Loh: Okay, cool.
Jennifer Loh: I don't want to be that American tourist.
Jennifer Loh: This was one of the most common phrases spoken in our customer interviews.
Jennifer Loh: People are tired of the way we travel, and there is a growing consumer awareness on the impact of how we travel on the destinations we visit.
Jennifer Loh: I've been working in travel for the last 15 years, and I've personally seen the direct impacts of travel on overloved destinations like Hawaii.
Jennifer Loh: In fact, 90% of travelers surveyed in 2023 that they want to travel more sustainably, but they don't know how
Jennifer Loh: through to our techstars. Insights. We found that people care most about finding these hidden gems that they couldn't otherwise find on their own.
Jennifer Loh: Even further, they're sick of Tripadvisor Top 10 lists and don't trust big brands like expedia and booking.
Jennifer Loh: What they really want is to be in control.
Jennifer Loh: have access to culturally immersive experiences, and make the most of their limited time off
Jennifer Loh: all the while protecting the environment and supporting the local community.
Jennifer Loh: My name is Jennifer Lowe, CEO, and co-founder of Tuvars, and we are leading the regenerative travel movement for off the beaten path. Travelers to access unique, immersive experiences that are good for people and planet
Jennifer Loh: want to travel. Better to join the movement.
Jennifer Loh: and then it'll go into our
Jennifer Loh: video.
Lilliana Robinson: That was 1 12.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright. So I'm gonna ask you a question that's gonna piss you off.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: are you?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Are you about unique.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: immersive experiences, or about? Are you about saving the globe.
Jennifer Loh: We're about saving the planet.
Jennifer Loh: But it's secondary to the unique, immersive experiences
Jennifer Loh: like our high selling point is the unique, immersive experiences.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, because I think I think you have to lead with one or the other.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and in a 1 min pitch. I don't think you have time
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and to do 2, because it immediately, I'm like, Well, wait a minute. We're traveling. We're going to
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Bora Bora, but I'm taking a jet airplane to get there. I'm hurting the planet. I'm Bora! Bora! I'm hurting that like. How do you like
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: for me?
Jennifer Loh: How do you reconcile that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah in 1 min, and it's just too hard to reconcile in 1 min.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And so and if you're trying to get the tourists.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: having
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: the appeal of the unit
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: unique. One-off tour
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: is, gonna get you a bunch of people who are really interested. And you can actually facilitate the lower impact just by the types of tours you offer. And so you could attract
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: both someone who wants a unique experience and doesn't care about the world.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and someone who really does.
Jennifer Loh: I'm here.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So my gut says I would go with the uniqueness first, and so I would be
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know, so I just saw
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: don't remember where it was. I just thought, oh, I know where it was. I just saw a pitch where, you know. If if you even the difference between signed in a a generic.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: go to booking.com, and search for whatever hotels in Oakland.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: or sign in, and have been someone who's
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: been to Oakland 20 times, and booked rooms and bookingcom. You will get the same list of hotels
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: because booking.com is just putting it in order in a particular order that has nothing to do with you individually.
Jennifer Loh: Hmm.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Right planning a trip on booking.com means that you get the same
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: attractions, hotels, and opportunities that the other.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and then you gotta have a number 500 million people who went to Bookingcom this year saw.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: If you want something unique, if you want something off the beaten trail, where are you going to go to find it?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Tripadvisor doesn't have it. Expedia doesn't have it either.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: That's why you have to come to, you know. Come, see us.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: What we do differently is boom! Boom, boom, boom, boom! And then there's a way to make it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know, feel exclusive and feel. And then, if at the end, you say, you know, not only are we
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: giving you the most, you know, culturally immersive, unique experience.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We do it in a sustainable way.
Jennifer Loh: Marine.
Lilliana Robinson: I think whenever you talk about the sustainability piece, Jayla, you are not educating the audience enough. You need some sort of palpable story like. I've I think I said this in the other session with the video, like a really good story, is like they are going to have to close the ruins in South America in the next decade, because people keep taking rocks.
Lilliana Robinson: there's not going to be something left. If, like every person that goes millions of people. They all take rock, and there's no, there's no stone left. Something like that like that's what I always think of when you say regenerative travel, cause. I heard of that story in high school, but like something like that, because, like Troy said, it sounds like you're talking about like the earth and the climate and like carbon and the plane. But that's not what you're talking about. You're talking about the communities that they go to, and they leave an impact on the place they're going.
Lilliana Robinson: It's less about like the air travel and other stuff like that. So like, you need.
Jennifer Loh: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Clear cause. I see choice point that people could not understand. The minute that you start talking like ecological. What do you mean?
Jennifer Loh: Yeah. So Lisa and I actually went on, one of the conservation experiences this weekend. And
Jennifer Loh: I think, like what we're realizing is, it's
Jennifer Loh: it has to be both.
Jennifer Loh: It can't just be one or the other, because we're sending people to these unique, exclusive.
Jennifer Loh: sacred sites.
Jennifer Loh: Right? We're not like just sending them to Mulacane to have another snorkel tour
Jennifer Loh: they're getting to like, go into like
Jennifer Loh: protected watersheds to like actually go and like replant trees, and like do things that most people wouldn't want to do, and if they don't have that inclination of wanting to protect the planet, then they don't belong there.
Jennifer Loh: Yeah, right? Like we talk.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay, okay, I got it. I got it. So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: let me try one more time. Then
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: booking.com 500 million people. Blah blah blah! You all get the same thing, and
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you're destroying, you know, and that level of travel is destroying a lot of the most beautiful places in the world.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: We offer a series of of excursion, a series of trips that are not only exclusive off the beating trail and deeply immersive.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: but they, while you're there, you actually make the place. Better let me give you an example.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Costa Rica trip with the howler monkeys and the blah blah blah where you're planting trees to replenish after there was this a wildfire.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: a trip to blah blah blah where you're, you know, and give give, make it concrete where it's like, Oh, God, I would love so for those people who want to see the unique and give back
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: or the best possible solution.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Let me show you some examples.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Then it's I, I understand. So until lilliana said that
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I thought this was like low carbon.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I didn't understand that it was about planting trees and about, I mean, I think, about the people like I have a couple of friends who've taken their kids to do habitat for humanity kind of projects. You know, you spend a week building houses and helping and and like those are
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: transformational for the kids to think. Oh, I help like, look at what we built. Look at what we created.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and I feel like it's sort of now I understand.
Jennifer Loh: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So.
Jennifer Loh: Yep.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Whatever it was you said in your 1 min and 12 Si didn't get it.
Jennifer Loh: Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And I and I had a even had a little bit of a predisposition of what you were doing right? So
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I wonder if there's a story
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: about the most meaningful vacation
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: or the most meaningful travel experience
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: where you could talk about you know, a most meaningful travel experience I had
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: was the time that I went.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know, hiked into the back woods.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: planted these trees, did this thing, knowing that not only did I experience something unique.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: but I made it better, and those trees are going to be there for a hundred years.
Jennifer Loh: alright, yeah. We'll give us a think.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Give it a thing.
Jennifer Loh: Back in. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: And you can include the quote like, I didn't want to be that tourist who goes to the place only to take like I felt so good that I was giving back something like that.
Lilliana Robinson: But this was great food for thought. Let's go on to some mark.
Samarth Gupta: Hey, hey? Good afternoon, Troy.
Samarth Gupta: So the the goal of our pitch is just to highlight the problem statement, and the high level solution. And then the product video will go into the demo and the key benefits of of our product.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay.
Samarth Gupta: And then just fair warning. This is really rough. We're still working on it.
Samarth Gupta: But here it goes.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I've seen the sausage be made a few times. Don't worry.
Samarth Gupta: Okay? So the legal industry has largely remained unchanged over the past 3 decades. Today, lawyers still manually draft and review every contract, a process that consumes ours and often becomes a bottleneck for businesses eager to close deals. This is precisely why we see a significant opportunity for disruption in the legal industry, especially in the realm of agreements and contracts.
Samarth Gupta: My name is Samarth Gupta, and I am the CEO of Lex IQ. At Lex IQ. We're harnessing the power of generative AI to modernize contract drafting and analysis to bring lawyers into the 20 first century.
Samarth Gupta: Gartner predicts that the legal tech market will be valued at over 50 billion dollars globally by 2027, due to Jenny I. We, Alex. IQ. Are poised to be pioneers, leading the charge in capturing this emerging market join us on our journey to transform legal tech and empower lawyers.
Lilliana Robinson: 55 s.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think it's pretty good and clear. I have a suggestion for the opening, though, that
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: maybe the only the older lawyers would get.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But instead of saying it just saying it hasn't changed in 30 years, I would say the the legal and the productivity and legal industry hasn't changed
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: in 30 years since since lawyers discovered copy and paste in wordperfect
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and like poking a joke about like how today, what we're really doing is copying and pasting
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and throwing the word perfect thing in there, because lawyers used wordperfect for like decades beyond, when anybody else.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: like everybody else, was on Microsoft word and Google Docs, and they still loved wordperfect. For some reason.
Samarth Gupta: Right and.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So it would be a little bit of an inside joke that anybody who is around back in the day would would get right. But I think that idea it also. It paints a vivid picture, right? You know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: the the biggest productivity boost.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You could even say it a little differently. The biggest productivity boost that lawyers have had in the last 40 years is when they discovered copy and paste, and we're perfect.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It hasn't changed since.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Let me tell you how we're gonna you know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think that I,
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: at least for me, that would resonate you'd get a chuckle out of me. And and it then is very visual that what they're doing today is copying and pasting. And what you want to do is actually generate custom stuff.
Samarth Gupta: Right? No, that makes perfect sense.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think it's good.
Samarth Gupta: Then okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Now, I do have a question about your fundamental. So as a
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: as someone who deals with a lot of contracts primarily around investing. One of the things that's great is that there are all these standard forms right? There's the Yc safe. And there's the C series seed Docs and Nbca docs. And so I don't have to spend a lot on legal anymore, because every contract is basically the same template with just a few things tweaked.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I'm nervous that if you had AI generate
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: a safe.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: that it's going to be different. And now I'm gonna now on the other end. I'm gonna have to have lawyers reviewing it, seeing how it's different. Do I care like
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: there is some benefit to the fact that things have been standardized and copied and pasted. So just give that some thought, because that might be an objection that you're going to get. And if you think you've heard that. Then maybe you address that in the QA.
Samarth Gupta: Got it? Got it? Yeah, yeah. The idea is that we actually ingest a lot of those templates, playbooks, etc, to inform the drafting review and analysis that are AI kind of out.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But if you, my point is that if you do that, let's say you're on that side of the deal, and you then send over a custom. J. AI. Drafted contract.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And now I gotta look at it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It's not the same like when I look
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: go to Yc. Safe. All I have to do is do see that there's only 3 things that have changed
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: right? The the amount, the cap and the discount like. That's it. Nothing else changes.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And so it's really easy. I don't even need a lawyer for that. But if you send me a custom version
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: that's different from the standard template, I'm gonna at the reviewing side. I'm gonna have to have a lawyer look at it.
Samarth Gupta: Right?
Samarth Gupta: Okay, that's good. Yup.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Just something to think about.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay, who's next?
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. Next person is Antonio.
Lilliana Robinson: Get you?
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Okay? So the goal of my pitch is to have the audience con commit audience, commit to $50 to get into the Vip Presale campaign
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: the pitch is gonna be telling a story of a challenge that I overcame, and it's gonna be more of emotional story
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: then followed by the video. So the the pitch is to tell why we are doing this.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: By the way, we are building the ordering of mental wellbeing. That's what I wear is about.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: So the pitch will tell the Y.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: The demo video will tell the how, how does the product works?
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: And then the QA. Will tell the more details about the the psychology, the neuroscience behind these products and the go to market strategy.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Okay.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Alright.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Are you happy?
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Please. Yeah, raise your hand.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: How do you know?
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Years back I wasn't happy, and I didn't know it. I was at high stake jobs. I was irritable, anxious, and overweight.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: I knew something was off, but I couldn't tell what that was, and didn't act on it
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: until I got sick and tired of being sick and tired.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: so I decided to do something with it.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: I lost 40 pounds in 12 months by tracking exercise and calories with my apple watch.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yet it took me 8 years of experimentation with mindfulness to get to a better state of mind.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Tracking my emotion was the key.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Name it to tame it.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: I'm Antonio Ferenza. CEO, of a ware
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: aware, is a wearable, that continuously monitors our emotions and gives us insight to accelerate our journey, to become a better version of ourselves.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: a better partners, a better employer, a better leader.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: aware, empowers you to take control of your mental wellbeing, and build your happiness every day.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, that was 104.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah. And you didn't really have a transition to the to the demo.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think you do need to have a transition about what you want them to look at, you know. See how it works, or whatever. I don't love the opening asking people a question
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: it's awkward if I'm in the audience. You don't know how long to wait. If I'm in the audience, I'm like, well, do I? Am I happy? I think I'm happy? I don't know. Do! What's everybody else doing? It's you don't want to make people feel uncomfortable
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: in your first 3 s on stage.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So I would. Probably I'm gonna make up numbers again. I have no idea
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: what the real numbers are.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But you know, if you said something like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know, research research shows that 78 of people are not as happy as they could be.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: More importantly, of those people, 95% don't even realize it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: You could be one of them
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I was blah blah blah blah blah blah blah, right? So like use data
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: to make a statement that is surprising.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I especially like the you know. And again, I totally made it up. You know, 78 of them aren't even aware of it. You could be one of them.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: or 78% of them think they're happy. But aren't
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: that could be you?
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I know, because it was me.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I had a great job. I did a thing, but you know. Blah blah blah
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I think that would make it more fun.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It was.
Lilliana Robinson: You need more emotion when you're telling that personal story like, even when Troy just did, it sounded different than when you set it in.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah, you tended to be very so. There's an interesting thing here. You tended to be very monotone
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and very deliberate and pacing, and blah blah blah! And you're talking about a business
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: where you know we're talking about caring and people and well, being and happy and
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: the
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you're delivering
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: free and the actual product seem way out of sync.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Just saying.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: No, you're right. And it that's because I was reading so I'm hopeful that it will be more like that's that's the thing that I'm struggling a little bit with like memorization versus, just just let it go. Be natural. And
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: yeah, I like, be off script. Basically, I mean here, I I I see your point. Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Yeah. And one thing, and I am gonna have to go in a in 2 min. One thing that's really important
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: is practice. How you want to play.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: So I was an athlete in high school, and I didn't understand this. The coaches had us do all these drills, and I would just kind of do it half ass, cause I didn't. And what happened was when I got in the real match I would execute the way I had practiced half ass and kinda cause that was what my muscle memory was.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: When you are practicing your pitch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you want to be building the muscle memory for how you're going to deliver it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And so it's not sufficient to just be reading it in a monotone and be getting through the words, because that's because when you get nervous and you're on stage, you're gonna default to what's most comfortable and what's most comfortable is that thing that you've done the most often.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And so when you're reading it literally, even if you're reading it off a paper.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: give it some personality.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and the thing you have to realize is
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and I'll I'll make this 1 point, and then I'll be done. If you've ever gone to the opera.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: The characters look like they have faces, whatever all this stuff, but if you ever see them upfront and up close they look like cartoon characters. They have, like red circles painted on their cheeks, and ridiculous amounts of lipstick and ridiculous amounts of eyeliner. And that's because when you're standing in the audience.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you know, a hundred yards back.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: you need that kind of of intensity on the face for any of it to get through.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: And the same thing is true of your speaking.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: The stage will add a lot of distance, as lilliana said, and so you have to be overly expressive, and it would feel unnatural in a one-on-one situation.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But in a big crowd it feels great.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I mean. Think about what? Like some
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: your favorite musician who is at the Super Bowl doing in the halftime show like, think about how crazy over the top expressive that would have been if if you were in the same room with them 10 feet away.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: But when you're on TV, or you're, you know a hundred rows back.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: It looks great.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and you all are gonna have to do that. You're gonna be overly expressive.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: and it's going to come off great.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: I do need to roll.
Lilliana Robinson: All good, Troy. Thank you. Guys.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Good to see you all.
Jennifer Loh: Thank you so much.
Troy Henikoff (he/him) | MATH Venture Partners: Alright, take care!
Lilliana Robinson: And else.
valeria brenner: Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Anyone else can pitch to Troy next week when he comes back.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, bye, everybody.
Lilliana Robinson: And Dotan, you can share a recording with us.
Lilliana Robinson: Troy isn't gonna be able to review it, Async, but your eir that you have right now, and us we can do it. I gotta jump to another call. But great job, everybody. Thanks for your help here. Bye.